(upbeat art pop music)
♪ Talk to me, don't lie to me ♪
♪ Save your breath ♪
♪ Don't look at me, don't smile at me ♪
♪ Just close your eyes ♪
♪ I was so impressed by you ♪
♪ I was running blind ♪
♪ I would fall for every trick ♪
♪ Every twist of mind ♪
♪ Heaven is cold ♪
♪ Without any soul ♪
♪ It's hard to believe ♪
♪ I was so in love with you ♪
♪ Don't say your prayers,
don't build your hopes ♪
♪ Just walk away ♪
♪ Don't phone me up, don't call around ♪
♪ Don't waste your time ♪
♪ You were so in awe of me ♪
♪ You were so divine ♪
♪ You would do just anything ♪
♪ To still be mine ♪
♪ Heaven is cold ♪
♪ Without any soul ♪
♪ It's hard to believe ♪
♪ I was so in love with you ♪
(upbeat art pop music continues)
♪ All the things you said to me ♪
♪ I was so obsessed ♪
♪ You were always talking, talking ♪
♪ God, I did my best ♪
♪ Heaven is cold ♪
♪ Without any soul ♪
♪ It's hard to believe ♪
♪ I was so in love with you ♪
♪ Heaven is cold ♪
♪ Without any soul ♪
♪ It's hard to believe ♪
♪ I was so in love with you ♪
♪ Heaven is cold ♪
♪ Without any soul ♪
♪ It's hard to believe ♪
♪ I was so in love with you ♪
♪ I was so in love, I was so in love ♪
♪ So in love with you ♪